This sprint we mostly focused on discussion, especially this past week. We were
on the fence between two project ideas, and it was difficult to come up with a project
that is both presentable and has clear steps to be taken. We ended up going
with the video analysis idea, where we were going to identify each separate event that
occurs in a video, the length of the event, and a summary of what occurred in the event.

My initials thoughts about how to go about this (may or may not make sense):

An event would be basically a video clip, and a video would be partitioned into video
clips/events. The video would be partitioned such that the content that occurs in one
segment is uncorrelated/unrelated to all other clips. An example of this would be scenes
in a movie that take place in different settings, where the events that take place typically
are unrelated to what goes on in other scenes. If a movie starts showing a continuous scene
then jump cuts to a completely different location, that would be a good place to segment a video.

Since our goal is to apply video content analysis to surgical footage, the footage will most likely
be continuous and contain no jump cuts. The way I thought about dividing the footage in that case 
would be to find places in the video that show some sudden change, which could be something like
picking up a tool, or people speaking up after a long silence. We could define some kind of acceleration
to separate mostly constant scenes from rapid changes in the footage.

This approach "could" solve (it's just mostly wild speculation) the issue of dividing a video
into events/video clips, but then there is the issue of figuring out how to classify/label each event. We
would probably have to take under consideration what happened in previous events as well as the current event
in order to come up with a label.

To describe an event, we would have to be able to recognize objects like surgical tools or people and track the trajectory
of the objects. I'm not sure how complex our summaries will be, as it could be as simple as a one word label or a couple sentences.
This will probably be the most difficult task.

The end goal of the project, however, would be to time surgeons and compare it to how long each step of the procedure should
actually take. A more difficult goal would be comparing description of the footage to a description of the actual procedure.
